Add help context for branding (#3694)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/enterprise-tenant/customization.md

layout: bundle
sector:
  - platform_administration
outputs:
  - html
  - json
helpcontent:
  - label: to-configure-branding-settings
    title: Branding
    content: |

>       With the Branding feature, you can fully customize the look of your tenant to your own preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The Branding feature lets you tailor your tenant’s appearance to match your preferences. 
```

>    In this page, you can manage multiple branding variants, with one always set as the global branding. This global branding is automatically applied to all apps within your tenant and any subtenants. 

Author: ```suggestion
       In this page, you can manage multiple branding variants, with one always set as the global branding. This global branding is automatically applied to all apps within your tenant and any subtenants. 
```

>        In this page, you can manage multiple branding variants, with one always set as the global branding. This global branding is automatically applied to all apps within your tenant and any subtenants. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       In this page, you can manage multiple branding variants, with one always set as the global branding. This global branding is automatically applied to all applications within your tenant and any subtenants. 
```

>       In the **Branding** page, you can maintain multiple branding variants. One of the branding variants is always configured as the global branding. The global branding will by default apply to all apps on your tenant and your subtenants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In this page, you can manage multiple branding variants, with one always set as the global branding. This global branding is automatically applied to all apps within your tenant and any subtenants. 
   ```

>   Additionally, you can create branding variants for specific applications, enabling you to give each app its own distinct look.

Author: ```suggestion
      Additionally, you can create branding variants for specific applications, enabling you to give each app its own distinct look.
```

>       Additionally, you can create branding variants for specific applications, enabling you to give each app its own distinct look.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Additionally, you can create branding variants for specific applications, enabling you to give each application its own distinct look.
```

>       In addition to the global branding, there can also be branding variants that apply only to specific applications. This allows to brand applications differently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Additionally, you can create branding variants for specific applications, enabling you to give each app its own distinct look.
```

  - label: generic-tab
    title: Generic
    content: |

>       In the Generic tab, you can edit the generic settings of your branding variant that will apply to all of your branding themes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      In the **Generic** tab, you can edit the generic settings of your branding variant that will apply to all your branding themes.
```
